README.md, before:

# self-driving-car
This is a multi-year project undertaken by the Cornell Data Science team intended to demonstrate autopilot for a full-size car.

CDS Self-Driving Car aims to demonstrate tight integration of a camera based vision algorithm to navigate a car safely. We utilize a SLAM system to localize ourselves, and an additional lane recognition pipeline to see the road. This is all built upon a Python control loop and will leverage robotics to directly actuate the steering wheel to augment a normal car.

## Team
This ambitious project is being lead by Iris Li, Edward Gu, Tobi Alade, Elias Little, Eric Zhang, Adarsh Sriram, and Shihao Cao

## Current Status
Please take a look at our issue ticket board to see what we're currently working on!

## Organization and Workflow
We use a mixed HOOTL, HITL, and Flight-like testing/iteration strategy similar to SpaceX.


## Installation

See `INSTALL.md`.

## Run the MCL

Always remember to have the virtual environment `venv` activated with: 

```
. venv/bin/activate
```

### Actually running the MCL

Our code is structured as a module: `src` we invoke it with for example:


```
python -m src hootl.yaml NoSIM
```

This means to use the `hootl.yaml` configuration file in `src/configs`, along with the
`NoSIM` testcase under `runner/`. You can go to those directories respectively to find more config files
and more test cases.

Commit message:

Pylint + custom scripts (#28)
* testing this out

* test 2

* test 3

* test 4

* test 5

* test 6

* linter fix

* just black

* autofix code

* autofix code on push

* autofix code on push fix

* Fix code style issues with Black

* added scripts and workflows implementaiton

* edited to test out scripts on pylint  before merging

* testing paths

* testing paths

* testing paths

* testing paths

* testing paths

* testing paths

* testing paths with sudo

* testing chmod

* slight error

* slight error

* Fix code style issues with Black

* remove black

* added rc file

* modify workflow order

* testing out something

* testing out something

* added documentation

* main is master

* main is master revert

* script command fix

* meeting changes

* readme fix

* allow invalid variable names

* workflows test

* workflows test 2

* change workflows requirements

* final fixes

Co-authored-by: Lint Action <lint-action@samuelmeuli.com>

README.md, after:

# self-driving-car
This is a multi-year project undertaken by the Cornell Data Science team intended to demonstrate autopilot for a full-size car.

CDS Self-Driving Car aims to demonstrate tight integration of a camera based vision algorithm to navigate a car safely. We utilize a SLAM system to localize ourselves, and an additional lane recognition pipeline to see the road. This is all built upon a Python control loop and will leverage robotics to directly actuate the steering wheel to augment a normal car.

## Team
This ambitious project is being lead by Iris Li, Edward Gu, Tobi Alade, Elias Little, Eric Zhang, Adarsh Sriram, and Shihao Cao

## Current Status
Please take a look at our issue ticket board to see what we're currently working on!

## Organization and Workflow
We use a mixed HOOTL, HITL, and Flight-like testing/iteration strategy similar to SpaceX.


## Installation

See `INSTALL.md`.

## Run the MCL

Always remember to have the virtual environment `venv` activated with: 

```
. venv/bin/activate
python -m src hootl.yaml NoSIM
```

# Linting
The linting will run automatically on every push and pull request but to check things locally uou can run:
- To run pylint, our main linter run:
```pylint src --fail-under=8```
- A pylint score under 8 will cause you to fail, fix output as shown on github or by running the command locally


* To change our linting requirements edit config.pylintrc

### Actually running the MCL

Our code is structured as a module: `src` we invoke it with for example:


```
python -m src hootl.yaml NoSIM
```

This means to use the `hootl.yaml` configuration file in `src/configs`, along with the
`NoSIM` testcase under `runner/`. You can go to those directories respectively to find more config files
and more test cases.
